What did you say? What did you say?
What to say? What to say?
say what?
Don't know, don't know the past
Why send it now?
we can talk business
I didn't expect that he didn't know him either.
Doing business
But we treat people
Now you're ready, I don't know
How many talents are you?
Is it you
what you are not
Waiting at home
Wait until I finish taking a shower
Besides, clean up and wake up.
You call me Mr. Li immediately
You want me to know myself
Li Marriage doesn’t know
That's why I didn't come down with you.
That's it
I know Ms. Accounting?
It’s been quite a few years
The first time I knew it was Yinhu breaking out
I just said I don’t need money
It turns out that I saw you hurt and called you hurt.
I have lived this kind of woman